Why hello there and welcome to another unknown real session with me.
Sam let's go ahead and hit play and you'll notice that if I host it's no longer complaining at me about
that session already existing and the reason for this I can do it as many times as I like is that we
have destroyed the session.
We're going to learn how to destroy the session in fact we've got to learn how to check whether a settlement
exists before we destroy it.
And we're going to see what the difficulty is around destroying things asynchronously can be and some
of the ways that we can get around it.
So let's dig in and see what we've got.
So in the last lecture we left it here we had this mike session game already exists.
And so we can't create our hosts so we're going to need to make sure that this doesn't happen by destroying
that session once we are done with it.
And in fact he is a little bit of an issue because the destruction just like creation is an asynchronous
operation.
So that seems fine doesn't it.
That seems okay.
Sure enough it's an asynchronous operation but the problem is and the big problem is that when destructor
is called and when our base we on destroy call-backs are being called we're not being given an asynchronous
destroy we're not being told oh destroy whenever you like and then tell me when you're finished.
No we're getting by the time we've returned.
We have to finish destroying.
So it doesn't really blend very well with this asynchronous destruction that the session interfaces
trying to give us.
So an alternative to trying to clear up after ourselves is simply to clear up before ourselves.
So what I will say is oh if this session already exists.
Well just go ahead and delete it because it's probably from before.
So that's what we're going to go ahead and try and do.
We're going to check if a session exists.
Now how are we going to check if a session exists.
Let's go over to the online session interface and see if we can find any functions that are useful.
We've got things like add a named session that's kind of interesting.
Maybe we've got something like a get named session get names there.
Yes.
Sure enough using the f name.
We can go ahead and get a named session.
And this returns a funny struct to call an F named at this online session.
Fair enough I believe.
This is a subtype of the F online sessions frocked.
But if we go to get named session you'll see that it's actually a pointer.
So if there is nothing found it's going to return the null pointer.
That's what we can use.
We can tell whether it's a null point or not that'll tell us whether the section exists or not.
So let's go ahead and code that up.
I'm going to go over in there to visual studio and we're going to go to our host method.
So just check the validity of our session in face so we can go ahead and do session interface dot dot
dot arrow.
And we are going to do get named session and we need to get the name for the session.
Now we are using this name session name in too many places so I'm going to extract that out and I'm
going to make it just a constant.
I mean I call it Session name and I actually don't know.
It doesn't even need to be a constant on the class this can just be a global constant up here at the
top is what I'm going to do.
So this is going to be a contest.
Static.
Name.
And it's going to be.
Call is going to have that value.
And I'm going to be calling it all in capitals just make it clear it's a constant session name session
underscore name and it's going to be equal to that text macro.
And there we go.
Some come at the end and we have defined that constant which we can now use in our create session.
But we can also use an urn get named session which is what I'm going to do and it's going to return
a pointer to that thingy.
Bob which I'm actually not too interested in.
What exact kind of pointer it is.
So for now I'm asking you is the auto key word and I'm going to call this existing.
Session.
That's going to be equal to the get names there.
Now auto just automatically fills in a type for me because I'm not too interested in what it is.
I just know that it's a pointer and then I'm just going to say if existing.
Session equals no pointer.
Well then were you going to have to go ahead and delete the session.
Somehow I'm going to leave that to you to do in a bit.
And if our ELT's need to make sure my brackets are unreel styling convention I always get this wrong.
Else we are going to go ahead and create the session as we normally would.
Okay so that's going to work just hunky dory.
Now I'm going to challenge you to destroy the session if we need to.
Is very similar to creating the session so I am sure you will be able to do it.
Am I going to put up a challenge slider I just want you to make sure that you create the session after
the destruction is complete.
You going to have to use some delegates to do that and you may want to factor this session creation
out in to a separate function.
Okay so pause the video and have a go.
Okay welcome back.
So how are we going to do this.
So the first thing that I said is we're going to want a Dell gets so let's go ahead up to the top and
where we currently registered our on complete douget.
I'm going to also register on destroyed delegates.
Soldiers change the name.
They're complete on session create session complete.
Maybe I won't actually do.
Let's do that again on destroy.
Session.
Complete.
And we're going to want to call a different call back and for clarity sake I am just going to use on
destroying session complete.
Let's see what that colebatch actually takes whether it takes the same arguments as on.
Create session is complete.
If I follow the F on destroy section complete.
Yes it does take the same argument.
So that should just be fine.
Okay so I'm going to go back over to our head a file and copy that and create it in the C++ file so
let's go down to see just after our host.
We're going to have on that destroy session complete.
I'm going to add the name space.
And I am going to define the body.
Okay.
And then.
Fairly straightforward.
We can say that if it was successful.
In destroying We want to go ahead and create.
The session.
Now this I haven't defined yet so let's go ahead and create a create session function.
Can I add it to the private sections going to be void create session.
Because we have everything we need in member variables.
And I'm going to go and take this and hate it in our C++.
Had a body had a namespace.
The class name namespace.
And this is where I'm going to take my create my session settings and the create session call.
And I am going to stick that in there this function just for clarity and I'm going to call create a
session from a host if the session didn't exist and if it didn't exist.
Well that's where we get to call destroy isn't it.
That's where we get to say sesshin interface.
Arrow.
Destroy session which takes just be Session names.
That's easy.
I can just in the session name you can see that in the documentation.
So destroy it just destroys that named session that we've given it which we know exists because Whoops
I've got this the wrong way around existing session is null pointer.
It's actually if it's not null pointer.
That's when we want to destroy any if it is no point to it.
That's when we can go ahead and create it.
Let's have a look at what is currently complaining about saying member function may not be declared
outside of its class.
I see what's going on here.
We have forgotten to remove the semicolon Forbes That's the error that you get Apparently when you forget
to remove the semicolon.
Clearly haven't done that enough to realize that that's what's going on.
Okay so we have got that now.
One little check that I want to do in creates session because we're calling in on destroy session complete.
Is that I want to check that we still got a valid session interface.
So if the session interface is valid.
And then that's when we can actually do the creation.
Because this happened they synchronously you never know.
They might just have disappeared in the intervening time which is not ideal.
Shouldn't disappear because we have a shared pointer so it should be okay but I'm just going to be extra
paranoid and wrap it in a bullet.
Validity check just in case.
Just in case.
And also because if somebody go ahead and create calls create session without first having checked if
the session is valid and if we call it before in it for example then this check is just cannot save
our bacon isn't it.
So that is what I'm gonna do it for.
Let's go ahead and hit behold.
And let's just review the changes that we have made so far what we've got is that when we hit host we
are first checking whether a name session already exists and if it does exist so we're not.
No pointer to the existing session is not null point and then we go ahead and call destroy session if
it if it doesn't exist then we can just create a session at after we have destroyed the session.
We get a call back saying on destroy session complete in which case if it is successful we can go ahead
and create the session creating the session happens like this which we saw in the last lecture and when
the session completes that's when we can go ahead and get the create session complete and actually load
our level.
So let's go over inland to real and see where all of this is actually working out as intended.
Go ahead hit host.
Sure enough it is now.
Not complaining.
We didn't go and change the name so it must have gone ahead and deleted at session.
If I go ahead and hit play again.
He can see I can do it as many times.
MIKE So our destroying has worked.
You'll probably find some logs to the effect of that session having been created in the session being
destroyed.
You may do.
You may not do depend on the logging level.
We can find out about how to do higher logging levels in other lectures we don't need it just yet but
we can see that it's clearly working we've clearly have destroyed the session.
If we need to perfect Congratulations pats on the back all round and let's move on to the next lecture
where we'll try and see if we can get a list of currently active sessions.